Update index.md (#294)
w3c/wai-curricula: content/2-1.md

{% include excol.html type="middle" %}

Demonstrate the use of the HTML elements `h1` through `h6` to distinguish and label sections of content. Demonstrate the use of the WAI-ARIA properties `role="heading"` and `level="1-6"` when HTML headings cannot be used. Explain how different people use headings for orientation and navigation.

#### Learning Outcomes for Topic

Students should be able to:

* explain how headings, including their rank levels, are used by different types of assistive technologies, such as text to speech, and adaptive strategies, such as custom stylesheets, to allow people with disabilities to understand and navigate the content
* code headings using the HTML elements `h1` through `h6`, and using the WAI-ARIA properties `role="heading'` and `level="1-6"` when HTML headings cannot be used
* rank heading levels according to the hierarchical structure of the content

> * recite related requirements for authors and designers to provide heading texts and styles

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* recite related requirements for authors and designers to provide meaningful texts and distinguishable styles for headings
```

Students should be able to:

> * mark up page titles to allow people to identify the web page

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* mark up page titles to allow people to identify web pages
```
